Refactor base HA image (#355)
timescale/timescaledb-docker-ha: README.md

Currently, our base image is Ubuntu, as we require glibc 2.33+.

> It's currently pushing the resuting images to: https://hub.docker.com/r/timescaledev/timescaledb-ha

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's currently pushing the resulting images to: https://hub.docker.com/r/timescale/timescaledb-ha
```

Reviewer: I think we push to `/timescale/` since commit 0c54000b3eb213fffc96d37ba98d9758a6adbddf

Author: yup, is pushing to timescaledev just so that it can run concurrently with the master branch, and would be a thing that changes just before merging.
